docs: Restructure profiling documentation around DGDR workflow (#3867)
ai-dynamo/dynamo: docs/benchmarks/sla_driven_profiling.md

The Dynamo Operator automatically:
1. Discovers GPU resources
2. Runs profiling (online or offline)
3. Generates optimal DGD configuration
4. Deploys to your cluster

See the [Quick Start Guide](/docs/planner/sla_planner_quickstart.md) for detailed instructions.

## Profiling Methods

### Online Profiling (Default)

Profiles your model by creating real test deployments in Kubernetes and measuring their performance.

**Characteristics:**
- **Duration**: 2-4 hours
- **Accuracy**: Highest (real measurements)
- **GPU Requirements**: Full access to test different TP configurations
- **Backends**: vLLM, SGLang, TensorRT-LLM

**DGDR Configuration:**
```yaml
profilingConfig:
  config:
    sweep:
      use_ai_configurator: false  # Default
```

**What It Does:**
1. **GPU Discovery**: Detects available GPUs and their specifications
2. **TP Sweep**: Tests different tensor parallelism configurations (TP1, TP2, TP4, TP8, etc.)
3. **Performance Measurement**:
   - **Prefill**: Measures TTFT across different input lengths
   - **Decode**: Measures ITL under various KV cache loads
4. **Recommendation**: Selects optimal TP for prefill and decode that meets SLAs

> 5. **Interpolation**: Generates performance models for SLA planner

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **GPU Discovery**: Detects available GPUs and their specifications
2. **Identify Sweep Ranges**: Automatically determine minimum and maximum number of GPUs per engine. Minimum is determined by the model size and GPU VRAM. Maximum is set to one node for dense model and 4 nodes for MoE models.
3. **Parallelization Mapping Sweep**: Use the input ISL and OSL, test the performance of the engines with different parallelization mappings.  
   - Dense models: Test different TP sizes for both prefill and decode. 
   - MoE models: Test different TEP sizes for prefill and DEP sizes for decode.
4. **Recommendation**: Selects optimal parallelization mapping for prefill and decode that achieves the highest per GPU throughput while adhering the SLA on TTFT and ITL.
5. **In-Depth Profiling on Recommended P/D Engine**:  Generates performance models for SLA planner. 
   - **Prefill**: Measures TTFT across different input lengths   
   - **Decode**: Measures ITL under various KV cache loads and decode context lengths.

**Interpolation Plots:**
- `prefill_ttft_interpolation.png`: TTFT vs ISL with quadratic fit
- `prefill_throughput_interpolation.png`: Throughput vs ISL
- `decode_tp{N}.png`: 3D surface of ITL vs KV usage and context length

**Example:**
![Prefill Performance](/docs/images/h100_prefill_performance.png)
![Decode Performance](/docs/images/h100_decode_performance.png)

### Interpolation Data Format

The profiler generates `.npz` files with performance characteristics:

**Prefill Interpolation** (`selected_prefill_interpolation/raw_data.npz`):
- `prefill_isl`: 1D array of input sequence lengths tested
- `prefill_ttft`: 1D array of TTFTs (ms) at each ISL
- `prefill_thpt_per_gpu`: 1D array of throughput (tokens/s/GPU) at each ISL

**Decode Interpolation** (`selected_decode_interpolation/raw_data.npz`):
- `max_kv_tokens`: Total KV tokens capacity in decode engine
- `x_kv_usage`: 1D array of active KV usage percentages [0, 1]
- `y_context_length`: 1D array of average context lengths tested
- `z_itl`: 1D array of ITLs (ms) at each (KV usage, context length) point
- `z_thpt_per_gpu`: 1D array of throughput (tokens/s/GPU) at each point

> ![ITL Interpolation](/docs/images/itl_interpolation.png)

Reviewer: this can go into "how it works" part? as the user is not required to know this to use planner.

also a nit on line 159, both online profiling and AIC profiling generates the same plot.

  profilingConfig:
    configMapRef:                  # Optional: base DGD config
      name: my-config
      key: disagg.yaml

    config:                        # Profiler configuration
      sla: { ... }
      hardware: { ... }
      sweep: { ... }
      aic: { ... }
      planner: { ... }
```

### SLA Configuration (Required)

Define your performance requirements and workload characteristics:

```yaml
profilingConfig:
  config:
    sla:
      isl: 3000      # Average input sequence length (tokens)
      osl: 150       # Average output sequence length (tokens)
      ttft: 200.0    # Target Time To First Token (milliseconds)
      itl: 20.0      # Target Inter-Token Latency (milliseconds)
```

**What these control:**
- **ISL/OSL**: Based on your expected traffic patterns
- **TTFT**: First token latency target (lower = more GPUs needed, affects prefill engine)
- **ITL**: Token generation latency target (lower = more GPUs needed, affects decode engine)
- **Trade-offs**: Tighter SLAs require more GPU resources

### Hardware Configuration (Optional)

Control GPU search space and constraints:

```yaml
profilingConfig:
  config:
    hardware:

>       min_num_gpus_per_engine: 2     # Minimum GPUs to test (skip TP1)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      min_num_gpus_per_engine: 2     # if not provided, will automatically determine based on model and VRAM size
```
